Allow drag and drop images as base64 (#4735)
ckeditor/ckeditor4: tests/plugins/clipboard/manual/draganddropimage.md

> @bender-tags: 4.17, feature, 4681

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@bender-tags: 4.17.0, feature, 4681
```

> @bender-tags: 4.16.1, feature, 4681

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@bender-tags: 4.17.0, feature, 4681
```

@bender-ui: collapsed
@bender-ckeditor-plugins: wysiwygarea, sourcearea, clipboard, undo, image, floatingspace

## Scenario 1

1. Open browser console.
1. Drag and drop image into the editable for each of accepted formats: `image/png`, `image/jpeg`, `image/gif`.

> 1. Repeat the above setps for inline editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Repeat the above steps for inline editor.
```

## Expected:

> There is no error in browser's console. Dragged image are pasted correctly and in created `<img>` tag `src` has base64 format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no error in browser's console. Dragged image is pasted correctly and created `<img>` tag `src` contains base64 format. 
```

## Unexpected:

> There is an error in browser's console. Image are not visible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an error in browser's console. Image is not visible. 
```

## Scenario 2

1. Open browser console.
1. Drag and drop different file type than accepted, ex. `.pdf`.

> 1. Repeat the above setps for inline editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Repeat the above steps for inline editor.
```
